README.md, before:

# fetch-ponyfill-preconfigured

Preconfigured `fetch` [ponyfill][1] based on [fetch-ponyfill][2] and
[promise-ponyfill][3].

A ponyfill is like a polyfill, but it does not alter the global
namespace.


## Why?

This module preconfigures fetch-ponyfill so you don't have to think
about it. Just import this module and use it like the regular `fetch`
API.


## Install

```bash
npm install --save @softwareventures/fetch-ponyfill-preconfigured
```

or for yarn users:

```bash
yarn add @softwareventures/fetch-ponyfill-preconfigured
```


## Alternatives

 * [cross-fetch][4]
 * [fetch-ponyfill][2]
 * [isomorphic-fetch][5]


## Copyright

See [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) for copyright and licensing information
pertaining to this module.

fetch-ponyfill and promise-ponyfill have their own separate copyright
and licensing terms. See the documentation for those modules.


  [1]: https://ponyfill.com/
  [2]: https://www.npmjs.com/package/fetch-ponyfill
  [3]: https://www.npmjs.com/package/promise-ponyfill
  [4]: https://www.npmjs.com/package/cross-fetch
  [5]: https://www.npmjs.com/package/isomorphic-fetch

Commit message:

feat(promise): remove Promise ponyfill in favour of native Promises
BREAKING CHANGE: This library no longer incorporates a Promise ponyfill but instead makes use of the
native Promise implementation provided by the platform. All reasonably modern JavaScript platforms
provide a high-quality Promise implementation, so this shouldn't be a significant problem unless you
need to support truly ancient browsers, in which case you must provide a separate Promise polyfill
or continue to use v2.x of this library. This library is no longer recommended for new projects,
consider using fetch-ponyfill directly or migrating to cross-fetch instead.

README.md, after:

# Not Recommended

This library used to incorporate a `Promise` ponyfill to support the
implementation of `fetch`, but every reasonably-modern platform now includes
a high-quality native implementation of `Promise`.

Therefore, this library is now just a trivial wrapper around
[fetch-ponyfill][2] that uses the native `Promise` implementation.

This library is still maintained, but it is not recommended for new projects.

For new projects, use [fetch-ponyfill][2] directly, or consider
[cross-fetch][4] instead.


# fetch-ponyfill-preconfigured

Preconfigured `fetch` [ponyfill][1] based on [fetch-ponyfill][2].

A ponyfill is like a polyfill, but it does not alter the global
namespace.


## Why?

This library used to incorporate a `Promise` ponyfill and would preconfigure
fetch-ponyfill to use the bundled `Promise`, so that developers could just
import `fetch` and use it without having to worry about how to configure it.

However, every reasonably-modern platform now provides a high-quality native
implementation of `Promise`, so this library no longer incorporates a `Promise`
ponyfill, but instead configures fetch-ponyfill to use the native `Promise`
implementation. It is still maintained for backwards compatibility with
projects that still use it, but it is not particularly useful and is not
recommended for new projects.

Use [fetch-ponyfill][2] directly, or consider [cross-fetch][4] instead.


## Install

```bash
npm install --save @softwareventures/fetch-ponyfill-preconfigured
```

or for yarn users:

```bash
yarn add @softwareventures/fetch-ponyfill-preconfigured
```


## Alternatives

 * [cross-fetch][4]
 * [fetch-ponyfill][2]
 * [isomorphic-fetch][5]


## Copyright

See [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) for copyright and licensing information
pertaining to this module.

fetch-ponyfill has its own separate copyright and licensing terms.
See the documentation for that module.


  [1]: https://ponyfill.com/
  [2]: https://www.npmjs.com/package/fetch-ponyfill
  [4]: https://www.npmjs.com/package/cross-fetch
  [5]: https://www.npmjs.com/package/isomorphic-fetch
